Hi everyone.

I'm trying to create a collection of programs and scripts (with the goal of packaging everything together at some point)
in order to understand (and show) how various numerical tools work.
I'll try to write some scripts in python (maybe later I will translate them in something faster like C++ and Fortran)
that perform some of various calculations.

For the moment  I have successfully implemented the plain Monte Carlo (MC), Acceptance-Rejection MC flavours,
Markov-Chains (and some discrete for fun), and VEGAS (this is not complete, although the jupyter notebook for the
1-dimensional is very good). Also, I have some algorithms (Euler, inverse Euler, SDIRK-2-1-2, and ROS3w)
for systems of differential equations (still need documentation and comments in these codes). I am preparing a code
for artificial neural networks, where I have a working neural net, with an arbitrary number of hidden layers.
However, the code needs "cleaning". So, it may take some time until I upload it. From time to time I'll update
this note, with my progress, but one should expect that it is always outdated, because most of the work is done at night,
and I forget to write down what I did.

Since I am self-taught on these subjects, I cannot give you my word that the codes work as indented. So, If you are
looking for something that works better, look at other available tools online.  However, if you are trying to understand
what makes these tools work, maybe you will find ASAP helpful. Remember that I am still learning, so I may not be
able to help if something does not work. Furthermore, since I am a postdoc, I'm busy with my research. So if I don't answer
any questions, it's nothing personal.

As a final note, I'll try to use packages like scipy as little as possible, but for some simple things (e.g. products, sums etc.)
I'll use some of the ready-to-use packages for convenience and for testing my results against reliable algorithms. So, in order to
run these scripts without any issues, you should have at least scipy and matplotlib installed, and use python 2.7 (that's what I'm
using). Since the codes are kept as simple as possible (ASAP), everything should work in python3.x, with some minor changes (mainly the
print commands).



Cheers,
Dimitris
